'\"
'\" Copyright (c) 1998-2000 Scriptics Corporation.
'\" All rights reserved.
'\"
.TH Tk_AddOption 3 "" Tk "Tk Library Procedures"
.so man.macros
.BS
.SH NAME
Tk_AddOption \- Add an option to the option database
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
\fB#include <tk.h>\fR
.sp
void
\fBTk_AddOption\fR(\fItkwin, name, value, priority\fR)
.sp
Tcl_Obj *
\fBTk_GetSystemDefault\fR(\fItkwin, dbName, className\fR)
.fi
.SH ARGUMENTS
.AP Tk_Window tkwin in
Token for window.
.AP "const char" *name in
Multi-element name of option.
.AP "const char" *value in
Value of option.
.AP "const char" *dbName in
The option database name.
.AP "const char" *className in
The name of the option class.
.AP int priority in
Overall priority level to use for option.
.BE
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
\fBTk_AddOption\fR is invoked to add an option to the database
associated with \fItkwin\fR's main window.  \fIName\fR
contains the option being specified and consists of names and/or
classes separated by asterisks or dots, in the usual X format.
\fIValue\fR contains the text string to associate with \fIname\fR;
this value will be returned in calls to \fBTk_GetOption\fR.
\fIPriority\fR specifies the priority of the value; when options are
queried using \fBTk_GetOption\fR, the value with the highest priority
is returned.  \fIPriority\fR must be between 0 and \fBTK_MAX_PRIO\fR (100).
Some common priority values are:
.IP \fBTK_WIDGET_DEFAULT_PRIO\fR (20)
Used for default values hard-coded into widgets.
.IP \fBTK_STARTUP_FILE_PRIO\fR (40)
Used for options specified in application-specific startup files.
.IP \fBTK_USER_DEFAULT_PRIO\fR (60)
Used for options specified in user-specific defaults files, such as
\fB.Xdefaults\fR, resource databases loaded into the X server, or
user-specific startup files.
.IP \fBTK_INTERACTIVE_PRIO\fR (80)
Used for options specified interactively after the application starts
running.
.PP
\fBTk_GetSystemDefault\fR returns a Tcl_Obj* with the string identifying
a configuration option matching the given \fIdbname\fR and \fIclassName\fR.
Returns NULL if there are no system defaults that match this pair.
.SH KEYWORDS
class, name, option, add
