'\"
'\" Copyright (c) 1990 The Regents of the University of California.
'\" Copyright (c) 1994-1996 Sun Microsystems, Inc.
'\"
'\" See the file "license.terms" for information on usage and redistribution
'\" of this file, and for a DISCLAIMER OF ALL WARRANTIES.
'\"
.TH Tk_MainWindow 3 7.0 Tk "Tk Library Procedures"
.so man.macros
.BS
.SH NAME
Tk_MainWindow, Tk_GetNumMainWindows \- functions for querying main window information
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
\fB#include <tk.h>\fR
.sp
Tk_Window
\fBTk_MainWindow\fR(\fIinterp\fR)
.sp
\fBTk_SetMainMenubar\fR(\fIinterp, tkwin, menuName\fR)
.sp
\fBTk_SetWindowMenubar\fR(\fIinterp, tkwin, oldMenuName, menuName\fR)
.sp
int
\fBTk_GetNumMainWindows\fR()
.fi
.SH ARGUMENTS
.AS Tcl_Interp *pathName
.AP Tcl_Interp *interp in/out
Interpreter associated with the application.
.AP Tk_Window tkwin in
Token for main window.
.AP const char *menuName in
The name of the new menubar that the toplevel needs to be set to.
NULL means that their is no menu now.
.AP const char *oldMenuName in
The name of the menubar previously set in this toplevel.
NULL means no menu was set previously.
.BE
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
A main window is a special kind of toplevel window used as the
outermost window in an application.
.PP
If \fIinterp\fR is associated with a Tk application then \fBTk_MainWindow\fR
returns the application's main window. If there is no Tk application
associated with \fIinterp\fR then \fBTk_MainWindow\fR returns NULL and
leaves an error message in interpreter \fIinterp\fR's result.
.PP
\fBTk_GetNumMainWindows\fR returns a count of the number of main
windows currently open in the current thread.
\fBTk_SetMainMenubar\fR
Called when a toplevel widget is brought to front. On the Macintosh,
sets up the menubar that goes across the top of the main monitor. On
other platforms, nothing is necessary.
\fBTk_SetWindowMenubar\fR associates a menu with a window.
The old menu clones for the menubar are thrown away, and a handler is
set up to allocate the new ones.
.SH KEYWORDS
application, main window
