'\"
'\" Copyright (c) 1990-1993 The Regents of the University of California.
'\" Copyright (c) 1994-1996 Sun Microsystems, Inc.
'\"
'\" See the file "license.terms" for information on usage and redistribution
'\" of this file, and for a DISCLAIMER OF ALL WARRANTIES.
'\"
.TH Tk_ConfigureWindow 3 4.0 Tk "Tk Library Procedures"
.so man.macros
.BS
.SH NAME
Tk_GetOtherWindow, Tk_MakeContainer, Tk_MakeWindow, Tk_UseWindow \- window utility functions
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
\fB#include <tk.h>\fR
.sp
Tk_Window
\fBTk_GetOtherWindow\fR(\fItkwin\fR)
.sp
\fBTk_MakeContainer\fR(\fItkwin\fR)
.sp
\fBTk_MakeWindow\fR(\fItkwin, parent\fR)
.sp
int
\fBTk_UseWindow\fR(\fIinterp, tkwin, string\fR)
.fi
.SH ARGUMENTS
.AS XSetWindowAttributes borderWidth
.AP Tcl_Interp * interp in
Interpreter associated with the application.
.AP Tk_Window tkwin in
Token for window.
.AP Window parent in
Parent window.
.AP "const char" *string in
String identifying an X window to use for \fItkwin\fR; must be an integer value.
.BE
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
If both the container and embedded window are in the same process,
\fBTk_GetOtherWindow\fR will return either one, given the other.
If winPtr is a container, the return value is the token for the
embedded window, and vice versa. If the "other" window isn't in this
process, NULL is returned.
.PP
\fBTk_MakeContainer\fR is called to indicate that a particular window will be a
container for an embedded application. This changes certain aspects of
the window's behavior, such as whether it will receive events anymore.
.PP
\fBTk_MakeWindow\fR creates an actual window system window object based on the
current attributes of the specified TkWindow. It returns the handle to the new
window, or None on failure.
.PP
\fBTk_UseWindow\fR causes a Tk window to use a given X window as its
parent window, rather than the root window for the screen. It is
invoked by an embedded application to specify the window in which it
is embedded.
.PP
The return value is normally TCL_OK. If an error occurs (such as
string not being a valid window spec), then the return value is
TCL_ERROR and an error message is left in the interp's result if
interp is non-NULL.
.PP
.SH KEYWORDS
parent, window
